hi guys i am back I've been in my I have
been missing for the last see seven
weeks um I'll have to go up and asking
or writing ask me how I'm doing I'm
doing good um still losing still
everything is awesome last week that I
reported was week seven and so let's go
over the quick numbers on week through
14 week 8 I lost three pounds week nine
I lost three pounds week 10 I lost four
pounds 11 pounds 0 that's okay 12 I lost
three pounds week 13 I lost three pounds
in this past week I lost one pound
that's week 14 um so it takes me down to
242 that is drumbo please it is 60
pounds down for my highest weight for my
full liquid diet um yeah 60 pounds guys
60 pounds I'm three months and one week
post-op I'd last Thursday was my one
month surgery three message or Sri today
I went to my three month post up with
one when I doctor and they took nine
vials of blood and we'll wait see how
those come back but I feel great so
hopefully I think should come back okay
um talk about a few things been going on
hair loss it's happening hair loss I'm
losing a lot of hair kind of scary at
times but it's all over the floor it's
in my food it's in between my husband's
toes having to go through in the
bathroom and go through with my hands
and try to pick it up each time I go in
there and then I got a slant my brush
each time it's a little it is a little
nerve-racking but I have a lot to lose
so we really can I'm like I've got like
normal hair now it's not so as thick as
it was but it's still pretty sick so I
have you know quite enough three or four
months of losing so hopefully it doesn't
get too crazy um but I'm okay I've lost
60 pounds give a little hair 60 pounds
um clothing i started at 24 26 bottom by
3x top give or take ping on the brands
and today i am what's in 18 pants that
is one instead of a two input of my pant
size and i am extra large top that means
I've moved on over to the normal size
hello ladies I'm here you've all kinds
of clothes you know how lucky you are ah
so shopping shopping shopping I try not
to buy too much or by here and there cuz
you know I next week yeah it'll probably
too big I don't know um but that's lots
of fun to do that to shop now before it
was just it's almost painful to make me
go to the mall and try on some clothes
because i knew i was gonna look fat I
don't care what it was I'm a little
effect so still I feel chunky all feels
fat for chunky but I still want to lose
another like 90 pounds or so um my goal
is to get to 100 in six months and I
have 30 Oh mom I'm two pounds down since
Wednesday so I've lost two more pounds
but I was going to say that but I have
thirty eight more pounds to go so
hopefully maybe I'll have a good week so
I weigh in on Wednesday but I way every
day I'm obsessive compulsive day and
night I do it um but everything is going
wrong next time I'm going to try to make
videos a little bit more maybe not for
23 weeks just kind of keep up with it a
little bit better than I have been i'm a
slacker I don't watch youtube is a bit
much as it used to i don't watch much TV
as i used to learn more out and about
doing things that more energy I mean I'm
living life can't blame their awesome
i'll do a three month body shots I
haven't done one since I think like 11
um I'm in my kitchen I probably get ok
let's go down
this is me three months and 11 week out
arms are okay not too bad this is my
friends this is my son my bag that thing
going out think yet hopefully it out the
other yeah that's what's going on
everything is great um to all my
subscribers thanks for subscribing I'm
going to get around to subscribing back
and looking over your videos when I I'm
just so darn busy but at least try to
you know acknowledge that you subscribe
to me and I if I haven't already I will
get to you and good luck if you are
starting the journey good luck if you're
just had your surgery or you're thinking
about it and do it do it do it no
regrets do it do it do it it will change
your life do it for yourself I mean it's
great get your life back if you if
you're sitting on the couch and you
watching YouTube or you watch the soap
operas all day in your life I know I
want to be on the other side you can and
do it just go to dr. scheduling
appointments do everything you need to
do your six months to your four months
nutritional classes do it do it do it
it's all well worth it and I guess
that's it for today I will come back
again probably not next week but next
time maybe I'll be a little bit more
informative this is just thrown together
really quickly because I needed to do it
and I've been forever an unlikely thing
but um hi guys again and thanks for
watching and being so supportive and
caring that makes me it just makes
everything so much better um I'll see
you next time bye guys